Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-grid-bind-comboboxcolumn-based-on-row-index-in-batch-mode: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T190978)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# Grid View for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to bind a Combo Box column to data based on the row index in batch edit mode
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/t190978/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> This example demonstrates how to populate a [GridViewDataComboBoxColumn](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.GridViewDataComboBoxColumn)'s cell editors at run time in batch edit mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to populate a [GridViewDataComboBoxColumn](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.GridViewDataComboBoxColumn)'s cell editors at runtime in batch edit mode.
```
